useradd, userdel, usedmod, users: refresh page (#7661)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/users.md

# users

> Display a list of logged in users.

> > More information: <https://manned.org/man/users.1>.

Reviewer: This should stay as the gnu.org link, since they are the program author

> - Print logged in user names:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print logged in usernames:
```

`users`

> - Print logged in user names according to a given file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print logged in usernames according to a given file:
```
